## Why this exists

SCORM is a standard used in elearning content that standardises the way data is captured about courses and interactions. There are two main versions - Scorm 1.2 and 2004. Both versions are decades old but generally supported and generally easy to implement into content authoring tools.

Scorm 2004 makes it easy for content authors to read and write data. This makes storing and displaying things like quiz questions easy to develop.

1.2 has serious limitations that make it more difficult. Mostly you can _write_ data but not _read_ it. This makes it difficult to display previously saved content properly.

This interaction library attempts to solve the problem, allowing interactions to work in both Scorm 1.2 and 2004 the same way. Read more about [how this works](/articles/about-interactions/4) if you're technically inclined.

## Rise-supported types

Rise supports these interactions, though unless used within a quiz, do not save interaction data.

 * Multiple choice (select one)
 * Multiple response (select one or more)
 * Fill in the blank (a 1-word response, from a set of possible choices)
 * Matching - drag-to-match items on the left to items on the right
 * Sorting activity - drag-and-drop text into one of 4 categories

## New interaction types

Below are a number of new interaction types for Rise, which store data in Scorm's `cmi.interactions` collection and use tricks/external storage to overcome Scorm's limitations. These are added and configured using the Interactive HTML feature of Maestro's Mighty extension for Rise.

* [Binary choice](/articled/binary-choice)
* [Single choice](/article/single-choice)
* [Multiple choices](/article/multiple-choice)
* [Classify columns](/article/classify-column) - drag-and-drop into one or more columns
* [Classify rows](/article/classify-stack) - drag and drop into one or more rows
* [Connect the items](/article/connect-lists) - drag connections between items
* [Fill in the blanks](/article/fill-in-the-blanks) - supporting multiple words
* [Reorder list](/article/reorder-list) - drag list into the correct order
* [Sort lists](/article/sort-lists) - drag lists into the correct order over two or more columns
* [Unjumble](/article/unjumble) - solve a puzzle using drag and drop (image, text or video)
* [Survey](/article/survey) - collect multiple types of response
* [Long text entry](/article/long-text-entry) - store long text
* Summary - printable interactions report